the sons of Issachar we're Tola Pyrrha J
Schad and Shinra for in all the sons of
Toller were as I Rafi Jerry L Jame I
gypsum and Sameera heads of their
father's house the sons of Toller were
mighty men of valor in their generations
their number in the days of David was
twenty two thousand six hundred the son
of as I was is Raheja
and the sons of Israel were Michael
Obadiah Jarrell and is Shia all five of
them were chief men and with them by
their generations according to their
fathers houses were thirty six thousand
troops ready for war for they had many
wives and sons now their brethren among
all the families of Asaka were mighty
men of valor listed by their genealogies
87,000 in all the sons of Benjamin were
Bella beaker and Jedi hail three in all
the sons of Bella were ESPA as i ZL
Jarama 'the and RI v in all they were
heads of their fathers houses and they
were listed by their genealogies 22030
for mighty men of valor
the sons of beaker was Amira Jewish
Eloisa le o na RI Jarama Abijah Anathoth
and Alan f all these are the sons of
beaker and they were recorded by
genealogy according to their generations
heads of their fathers houses
20200 mighty man of Valor the son of
Judah Al was Bill huh and the sons of
Bilhah ng were Jewish
Benjamin E hood kin IANA - Sasha SH and
a Hashanah all these sons of Judah al
were heads of their fathers houses there
were seventeen thousand two hundred
mighty men of valor fit to go out for
war and battle shut him and happen were
the sons of earth and Hugh Shem was the
son of a huh the sons of Neftali were
jazia you nigh cheese' and shallow the
sons of Bilhah the descendants of
Manasseh his Syrian concubine bore him
maker the father of Gilead the father of
area
maker took as his wife the sister of hop
him and shot him whose name was mayic
the name of gilead grandson was
Zelophehad but zulan feared Bhagat only
daughters may occur the wife of maker
bore a son and she called his name
Parrish the name of his brother was
Shirish and his sons were Yulin and
reagan the son of ulam was bida
these were the descendants of Gilead the
son of maker the son of Manasseh his
sister Kamala cthe four-ish had a by
Issa and Muller and the sons of shem Ida
were a high in Shechem Lakai and Ania
the sons of 'ibraheem booth Allah be
read his son taketh his son eleda his
son taketh his son as a bird
his son shoe fella his son and easie and
elliot the men of Gath who were born in
that land killed them because they came
down to take away their cattle then he
framed their father mourned many days
and his brethren came to comfort him and
when he went into his wife she conceived
and bore a son and he called his name
Mariah because tragedy had come upon his
house now his daughter was Shearer who
built lower and upper beth horon
and as in Shira and reefer was his son
as well as reshef and Teela his son
taihen his son
Laird and his son mi heard his son
Elisha ma his son none his son and
Joshua his son
now their positions and dwelling places
were Bethel and it's towns to the east
Naren to the West Giza and it's towns
and Shechem in its towns as far as area
and it stands and by the borders of the
children of Manasseh were Beth Sheehan
and it's towns tannic and its towns
Megiddo and its towns door and it stands
in these dwelt the children of Joseph
the son of Israel the sons of Asher were
in nur ich fuh ishvii pariah and their
sister sirrah the sons of Berea were
Heba and Melky l who was the father of
busy earth and Heba begat giant shoma
othon and their sister sure the sons of
Japheth were Pasic BIM hell and
Asheville these were the children of
Jeff let the sons of Shima were a high
Roga G haba and error and the sons of
his brother he l'm Rizzo fuh in LA she
leche and Amon the sons of ZOA were
sewer Hana fer sure beer I Emre Visa
Card
Shama chill Shah Shiffrin and Veera the
sons of japheth were chief una pista and
era the sons of allah were era
Hania and RZA all these were the
children of asha heads of their fathers
houses choice man mighty man of Valor
chief leaders and they were recorded by
genealogies among the army fit for
battle their number was twenty six
thousand
you